docs: update 2nd header (#1)
linamadigan/agent: site/content/overview.md

doctypes: ["task"]
---

> ## Overview test
> 
> NGINX Agent is a companion process that runs alongside NGINX. It provides a gRPC and REST interface for configuration management and metrics collection from the NGINX process and operating system. NGINX Agent enables remote interaction with NGINX using common Linux tools and unlocks the ability to build sophisticated monitoring and control systems that can manage large collections of NGINX instances.

Author: ```suggestion
## Overview

NGINX Agent is a companion process that works alongside NGINX. It provides a gRPC and REST interface for configuration management and metrics collection from the NGINX process and operating system. NGINX Agent enables remote interaction with NGINX using common Linux tools and unlocks the ability to build sophisticated monitoring and control systems that can manage large collections of NGINX instances.
```

nit to update a couple of things related to our style guide
